README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://sylph.ai">
    <img src="assets/adal-face-logo.svg" height="80" alt="AdaL Face Logo" style="vertical-align: middle; margin-right: 15px;" />
    <img src="assets/adal-text-logo.svg" height="80" alt="AdaL Text Logo" style="vertical-align: middle;" />
  </a>
</p>

# AdaL Vibecoding Bootcamp

Welcome to the AdaL Vibecoding Bootcamp repository! 🚀

This repository contains all the materials, curriculum, and code projects for the bootcamp.

## 📚 Repository Structure

- `class-materials/`: Contains the core learning resources for the bootcamp, including:
  - **Curriculum** (`01_bootcamp_curriculum_short.md`): Overview of the bootcamp structure and goals.
  - **Presentation Slides**:
    - `slides-build-landing-page.html`: Guide on vibecoding a landing page.
    - `slides-adal-cli-howto.html`: Instructions on using the AdaL CLI tool.
- `landing-page/`: **Day 1: Clone the style of any website** - First vibecoding session where an AI agent using Gemini 3.1 Pro clones a **reference URL** into a Next.js project.
  - **Marketplace Example**: [Framer Templates](https://www.framer.com/marketplace/templates)
  - **The example we use**: [xtract.framer.ai](https://xtract.framer.ai/)
- `landing_page_2/`: **Day 2: Build the backend** (Tutor: Zach Wilson) - Second vibecoding session where an AI agent using Gemini 3.1 Pro clones a **reference URL** into a Next.js project.
- `AGENTS.md`: Guidelines and context for AI agents working in this repository.

## 🛠️ Getting Started

To explore the frontend projects, navigate to their respective directories and follow the instructions in their local `README.md` files.

For example, to run the updated landing page:

```bash
cd landing_page_2
npm install
npm run dev
```

Happy vibecoding! ✨

Commit message:

docs: restructure README to separate schedule from folders and add emojis

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://sylph.ai">
    <img src="assets/adal-face-logo.svg" height="80" alt="AdaL Face Logo" style="vertical-align: middle; margin-right: 15px;" />
    <img src="assets/adal-text-logo.svg" height="80" alt="AdaL Text Logo" style="vertical-align: middle;" />
  </a>
</p>

# AdaL Vibecoding Bootcamp

Welcome to the AdaL Vibecoding Bootcamp repository! 🚀

This repository contains all the materials, curriculum, and code projects for the bootcamp.

## 🗓️ Bootcamp Schedule

- 🎨 **Day 1: Clone the style of any website**
  - Learn to use an AI agent (Gemini 3.1 Pro) to clone a reference URL into a Next.js project.
  - **Marketplace Example**: [Framer Templates](https://www.framer.com/marketplace/templates)
  - **The example we use**: [xtract.framer.ai](https://xtract.framer.ai/)

- ⚙️ **Day 2: Build the backend**
  - **Tutor**: Zach Wilson
  - Transition from the frontend landing page to building a robust backend infrastructure.

---

## 📚 Repository Structure

- 📂 **`class-materials/`**: Core learning resources.
  - 📄 `01_bootcamp_curriculum_short.md`: Bootcamp structure and goals.
  - 📊 `slides-build-landing-page.html`: Guide on vibecoding a landing page.
  - 📊 `slides-adal-cli-howto.html`: Instructions on using the AdaL CLI tool.
- 💻 **`landing-page/`**: First vibecoding session code for the landing page clone.
- 💻 **`landing_page_2/`**: Second vibecoding session code for the landing page clone.
- 🤖 **`AGENTS.md`**: Guidelines and context for AI agents working in this repository.

## 🛠️ Getting Started

To explore the frontend projects, navigate to their respective directories and follow the instructions in their local `README.md` files.

For example, to run the updated landing page:

```bash
cd landing_page_2
npm install
npm run dev
```

Happy vibecoding! ✨
